Feat/renditions (#227)
kontent-ai/gatsby-packages: packages/gatsby-source/README.md

}
```

> > To se example, how you can query asset element (mainly image assets), check out the [Development site example](../../site/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To see an example, how you can query an asset element (mainly image assets), check out the [Development site example](../../site/README.md).
```
